
How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?
It made it much easier to see the differences (addition or substration) between the two files and exactly at what line. 

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?
Because everybody makes mistakes, and I will too. When that happens I can recover the old version and fix the problem, or 
start somewhere where I previosly made less mistakes perhaps and start from their instead of zero. 

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?
The con is that it's obviously less convinent than google docs. The pro is that when I save it manually, I know that it is at some level the file is decent and worth coming back to to that version and continue working on it.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?
Because for more serious programmers, who particularly collaborate on their projects, this is useful if one collaborator find 
a way to solve a problem, but on the other hand another collaborator worked on the same problem and came up with a better 
solution than the other one. This gives the option to the main repository admin to choose to go with one of the two options
as the admin see fit. 

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    Fill in your answer here

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?
It encourages taking risks and changing the code more often for optimization. and since you can always go back to older 
versions, there's really no risk here of losing a working code. 

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

Machine learning course on Udacity. (^_^)
